Morning!

I've tried to make the server and client read in the stored variables and send them over but I can't even get it to compile properly. 

I've tried fiddling around with the properties and stuff, and even remade the project for each (with the correct names) but even more errors came up.

I gave up on trying that lol.

But otherwise in the code that's opened for server and client, I've put in the gist of what should happen, i.e. server should read in variables, convert them to char and then send it over; client should receive something of some size (unsure if i got the right numbers there) then output it to a text file. I'm pretty sure the writing to text file part should be straightforward, but the sending and receiving of data might be iffy. Perhaps the numbers need to be seperated by spaces in server when converting to a string.

If all this gets done, will then need to write matlab code to read in from the textfile and plot them. Hopefully Andrew can give a hand with reading in files.

Andrew still needs to get his thing to plot live, ie just make handles like in AAS.

As for part 3, I'm too sleepy now but I've copied what I've got right now over to the hexabeast folder on this laptop.

OH also, I just remembered... I've made the server send depth and arduino stuff alternatively but I haven't included some sort of identifier for which was which (remember the heading thing?). You'll also need to implement that.

Andrew took the Arduino with him. We'll facebook call you in the morning in case you dont wake up. I might be late. Sorry if we left the door unlocked.

Summary:

Part 1: fix the build errors, make sure it sends and receives properly, make sure it writes to file properly, headers
Part 2: make matlab code to read in from file and plot
Part 3: idk, make it recognise OOIs somehow...
Part 4: make matlab code to read in from file and plot
Part 5: use handles to plot live data

If all else fails, pray/annoy/beg Michael Woods. Good luck! See you in class. (Left~ ~4:30am)

